Not a real pushy person, huh?
You're helping me by doing this. I'm
Please, please, I'm asking you to do
this. I'm asking you to attack. I'm
asking for a loving attack. I'm asking
for a generous gift of your energy
so that I can practice
harmonizing with it. And if you don't
give me that,
I have no practice.
And after a few minutes,
you are going to start to feel uh come
right on this diagonal if you would.
You're going to start to feel it before
they get there and you're going to start
to want to move like that. And that's
actually what you should be doing. And
the only reason I would slow you down a
little bit. Thank you. Then that's okay.
Slow you down a little bit is um the
tendency to go into what we're thinking
about about it is so strong that I I
like the physical pressure a little bit.
Okay. And then as much as it feels right
then I am moving slightly off the line
here. So
and in the same way that this Thank you.
that this happened uh physically.
It'll start to happen in energy before
there's any physical pressure. Okay? And
that's I key though. And this is kind of
a a little bit more I do though. Uh but
again, we start with the tangible. One
more.
>> Yeah. Uh, I want to encourage you to go
a little slow. I want to encourage you
to feel the physical,
but I don't want to discourage you from
when the
starts to happen without the thank you
without the physical pressure being
actually that tangible. If you start to
sense it and you're wrong, you know,
hopefully you bow into each other. They
aren't going to hurt you. We're just
going to get another practice. Okay?
It's not a big deal. As long as you're
having fun, you're probably in a
learning mode. As soon as you start
trying to get it, you're going to block
your own natural learning. So, um, don't
worry, be happy, you know, just enjoy
yourself, pretend like you're enjoying
yourself, have a good time, play with
each other for a little bit.